MINI HELP  FOR  ACQUISITION

HOW  TO  MAKE  AN ONLINE ANALYSIS  WITH  P over N
Load a script

You may temporarily reduce it to only 1 frame so that defining regions will be easier.

Set up a display configuration suitable for defining evaluation regions
	In the 'Acquisition windows' panel choose 'PoNx', 'Result' , 'Current' 	and also 'Dacx', 'Result' , 'Current'.
	The Dac window and the PoN window should appear.
	Start the script once so that data are drawn in the acquisition window(s).

	Increase the Y scaling of the Dac data so that the stimulus is clearly visible
		Click into the Dac window
		Turn 'Disp acq windows'  -> 'Trace / Window Controlbar'    on 
		The Listbox which pops up should display 'Dacx RC'
		Turn autoscaling 'AS'  off
		Select a suitable Y zoom factor  'yZm'
		If required shift the trace with the slider on the right hand side

	Move the Dac trace into the PoN window	
		Click into the Dac window
		Press 'Copy' in the Dac window
		Press 'Ins' in the PoN window
		The Dac trace should appear in the PoN window
		You may want to turn 'Disp acq windows'  -> 'Trace / Window Controlbar'  off again.
		
	Adjust the window position and size to your liking. 
	
	If you want to view additional data you can prepare the display in a likewise manner.
	You should do this in the beginning or else the just changed display configuration willbe lost!
	Once you are satisfied don't forget to save the display configuration 'Save disp cfg'
	
Open the Online analysis panel.
	    'OLA analysis'

Define the regions
	Define Base, Peak and other regions by dragging a rectangle in the acquisition window
	which contains the PoNxRC_  trace.
	A 'Marquee' rectangle appears.
	Define the type of the region by right clicking in the marquee rectangle.
	As there is more than 1 trace in the window you are required to specify on which data the
	evaluation is to be done. 
	Select the PoNxRC_ trace.
	Notice that the options in the 'Online Analysis panel' are getting filled as regions are defined.  

Modify the analysis options:
	'Online analysis panel'  :   select peak direction, decay fit function etc.

To view the online analysis results:
	'Online Analysis panel'    'Add Window'	( perhaps multiple times )
	Move the windows to your preferred position.

Select which data you want to view in which window
	Turn on any checkbox in the 'Display results in window' checkbox array.

Perhaps it is now necessary to edit the script and revert to the actually desired number of frames.
	The analysis will take place once per frame, not once per sweep.  

Start the acquisition.
	The result file having the extension 'ola' will be written in the 'Data' directory, usually 'Epc\Data' 

If the data don't show up immediately click again twice the checkbox 'Display results in window'.  

If the measured peak as indicated by the cross is not at the expected location then make sure 
that the peak direction is set appropriately and that the interval over which the peak amplitude 
is averaged is not too wide. You can set this interval in the input field 'average peak over ms' .  

To remove a region : Click the checkbox 'Regions'  off
To remove the analysis window with the highest number: Click the button 'Delete wnd'
To remove all analysis data from all analysis window : Click the button 'Clear all'


